SYNOPSIS
   Recruitment portal
   Just office things
   Team meeting
   My product






Recruitment portal:
    I was working in recruitment portal development. ive listed the problems constrains and operation possiblities, but still ive lagged somewhere thar it led me to some other track, yep the outcome was not expected.
So where i had mistaken was abstraction, just like aabraham anna said yesterday i should have abstracted more details from my mentors input in this portal development. so that i would have had a clear path to the product.

Just office things:
     There happened something that you cant see daily, anu was kind of frustrated with her role and was complaining about something. anna was simply handling the situation, that could be partially common in some peoples but, the strength in his words were uncommon. anu said that anna is responsible for every employees working,like that but anna just said that he is not responsible for any persons anything. But he is only accountable for every employee, that is something diffrent, he is clear in what he said and that satisfied both the employees.

Team meeting:
     At the evening there was presentation, which ameen presented at the team meeting, his reimbursement app that is the  product he is developing. 
 In my case my product development has something to do with his presentation, what mistake i did was i wasnt confident enough to do what i thought, whatever be it even if it is wrong in any sense, i should have done it completely.
Just like ameen did, he may be wrong or may not, but he is confident with what he has done.

My product:
     when i was explaining my product to rexilia, i was thinking what she needs from my mouth, and i always had some creep feel with rexilia, as if she will kill me just by staring, so i need to stay away from rexilia when develpoing my product.And finally askin anna came said that just explain what you have prepared.
And i felt that i was off track, so i need to develop some skill to manage all these.

New intrest:
     I came to know about an author john green, from my friend, ive searched for his books and  noticed a review in quora, a random person posted about this book sharing a screenshot of his favorite lines, and i was impressed with the review and badly wanted to buy that book, just to go to that line, that curiosity that made me read this book what happened before that will be more exciting to read. so started the book, i dont know how long i will spend my time in that book.
