::SYNOPSIS:
  





So it was the beggining of a day and the last day of 4th week of intern.my mentor was absent and i went to most likely everyone about discussion of my product development. yep i was developing the same portal, the leave portal and recruitment portal. so all has managed to help me with a solution for whatever the nonsense doubts i came up with, and after i get the answer i was like that was silly question right, i asked to myself , so i will be having presentation on tuesday or the next day so im preparing for the product i need to present, cause i am accountable to it. As i said,i will present on that day, to my mentor.


And i came to know that anoop is a carnatic singer, so i was torturing him to sing a song and teach me some basics, and he too has given tips on that, so probably in a year i hope i will be a singer, just joking. 


Demo meet:
  As like every week, we had demo meet and everybody presented what they had done for the week and i was standing like i did nothing, and all my works were in paper. so i didnt have anything to present for this week.


Farewell:
  It was last day for nishanth at surfboard and we gave a farewell speech and had lots of fun with all employees. It was like surfboard was built on him,be cause he was with anna from the start of the surfboard.

When anna had plans to start surfboard nishanth met anna at the lift and asked what he was doing he had no job at that time and said that to anna,
Then anna asked whether nishanth know about any programming and he said just some basic programming and api's then anna was like would you like to join surfboard and nishanth said yes.
It was kind of first good job for nishanth bro,and he has utilised it well.
so being honest to whatever we do will some day get what we deserves.that is the lesson ive leaned from this.
 

Turf day:
  Its friday and we had turf, i think its better to leave the football life behind me. As my game is mostly not appreciatable some gets irritated and it happened. And that has happened on friday, Its time i reconsider my game things.So if i decide something a yes, then it be a complete yes, and if it is a no, then it should be a complete no. So ill have to think about this. 
  


